[BEGIN]
[TARGET] was subject to a sophisticated, multi faceted attack on their accounts, assets, and identity. The attack began when the 
adversary gained control of their [TELECOM ACCOUNT] over the phone. [BLUE] suspects this was done with public information rather 
than information gained through malware or phishing. The adversary then used the access to enable call forwarding to another 
phone, most likely a burner. This type of attack has started becoming more and more common as of January, 2018. Because the 
phone was forwarded and [TARGET] was locked out of the account, the adversary was able to bypass 2FA on [EMAIL SITE 1] and 
[EMAIL SITE 2]. Once access to both email accounts was compromised, the adversary changed passwords and used the email to gain 
access to [BANKING SITE], [BANKING SITE], [TELECOM ACCOUNT], and others.

[TARGET] was alerted to activity causing [BANKING ACCOUNT] to be overdrawn. This was belived to be the first attempt to steal 
assets. Because of the nature of this attack and volume of attempted asset theft, [BLUEFOR] believes this attack was targeted 
and not random. [TARGET] put a freeze on credit and all accounts, this action prevented further theft. [TARGET] recieved a phone 
call from an individual claiming to be [BANKING INSTITUTION] security and "needed DOB and SSN" from [TARGET]. [TARGET] gave DOB 
and SSN, then "felt uncomfortable, and told them so." [ADVERSARY] attempted to keep [TARGET] on the line, but [TARGET] hung up 
the phone. [TARGET] then called [BANKING INSTITUTION] and asked to verify the identity of the caller. [BANKING INSTITUTION] 
denied any involvement and could not ID caller. 

With [TARGET] locked out of computer, email accounts, banking accounts, or phone accounts, [BLUE] arrived. After receiving 
verbal report, [BLUE] found that accessing computer was trivial. [EMAIL SITE 1] was still logged in, although the adversary's 
password was unknown. [BLUE] found email with IP of adversary, date and time of attack, and suspected location. With minimal 
trouble, [BLUE] began account recovery. With access to [EMAIL SITE], [BLUE] began recovery of available accounts and instructed 
[TARGET] on safe password management. [BLUE] called [EMAIL PROVIDER 2] with an attempt to recover account, but was told recovery 
was impossible given circumstances. [BLUE] then called [TELECOM] and temporarily unsuspended old phone number, recovered [EMAIL 
ACCOUNT], resuspended phone number, added note to file to disallow all call forwarding attempts, and assigned new number to 
[TARGET]. Having gained access to computer, both email accounts, and phones, all other account retrieval was trivial. 


What happened here:
[BLUE] suspects information was gained through public or private tables, alongside [TARGET]'s poor password choice. Using 
minimal information, the adversary was able to forward all calls and texts from both a landline and cell phone to themselves. 
This allowed them to totally bypass all 2FA.

In the future:
Client was advised and walked through changing passwords and taught better password management. This, alongside the disabling of 
call forwarding and alerts being placed on phone accounts should prevent any other attacks of this nature. 

I think this shows a terrifying weakness of 2FA, something we've been accustomed to treating as the gold standard. 2FA 
technology is progressing faster than the telecom industry can keep up, and it's showing in the prevalance of stolen SIM cards 
and ID theft. It is this researchers opinion that 2FA needs to be of a nature other than SMS or phone call, and call forwarding 
needs much more rigorous standards of authentication to enable. We are just starting to see the beginning of the havoc this type 
of attack will bring.

[END]
